What does the doctor say?
Mr. Bo said that the agreed things cannot be changed
He went on a hunger strike and let him make trouble
When he can't take it anymore, he will naturally get up to eat
Can't get used to him
How can you take care of a child like this, you wait for me
I'll come over now.
Ning Xiaomei, you are here
Up the hill. He locked himself in his room.
I said I won't eat if I can't see you
So you go to him first
Wait a minute.
Let the servant prepare some digestive moves
How can you go on a hunger strike, little baby?
You haven't come to see me for so many days
I thought you didn't want me anymore.
How could I not want you?
Am I not here?
Let's go downstairs and get something to eat, shall we?